"November 1, 2024"       "Floor 1: Town of Beginnings"
This is...
...amazing.
Yeah.
It's like this every day.
How is Yui feeling?
She got a good night's sleep,
and you can see it's helped.
Has this ever happened before?
We don't know.
When we found her, she was wandering
in the forest on floor 22.
She seems to have
lost her memories.
Oh my.
So we came to the
Town of Beginnings.
We thought someone here
might know her.
Does she look familiar at all?
I'm sorry, but I don't think
she's one of the kids from
the Town of Beginnings.
When the game started,
most of the children suffered
terrible psychological trauma.
I couldn't just stand by
and do nothing,
so I started living with
them in this church.
Every day, I walk around the town
to see if anyone needs my help.
But I've never seen
anyone like her.
I see...
Hello. I am Yulier.
You're with the Army, right?
Are you here to protest what
happened yesterday?
Not at all. It's the reverse.
As a matter of fact,
I wanted to thank you.
I've come to request something
of you two today.
Request?
The cowardly past that I'd acknowledged
Still not understanding why,
I stand behind myself, scared
Projecting reality onto today
I've drawn so many skies
This must be my fleeting heart
Out of control
In my dreams, this body soars so high
And it can brush away any fears that cling to me
Asleep inside me, these budding
feelings start to expand
I realize this, weak as I am...
As long as I had you
I could stay strong in this dark world
My heart will dream a long dream forever
I want to always be with you
I'll give you everything I have...
"Yui's Heart"
Originally, we...
No, our guild leader, Thinker,
never wanted it to be the dictatorial
organization that it's become.
We just wanted to share
information and food
evenly among as many
players as possible.
But the Army grew too large.
Yes, there were multiple internal power
struggles, and a man named Kibaou
ended up with a great
deal of power.
Kibaou and his faction have
become dominant,
monopolizing all of the best
monster spawn points
and have gone so far as to extort people
under the pretext of collecting taxes.
But people started criticizing Kibaou for
neglecting his obligation to clear the game.
So he sent the highest-level players
under his command to the front lines.
Corvatz...
Because of that fiasco, Kibaou
was strongly denounced,
and we were close to dismissing
him from the guild.
Desperate, he resorted to drastic
measures, setting a trap for Thinker.
Thinker's been stranded
deep inside a dungeon!
Doesn't he have a teleport crystal?
Don't tell me he's unarmed.
He was too trusting.
He believed Kibaou when he said
he only wanted to talk unarmed.
That was three days ago.
Three days? What's happened to him?
He's in the depths of a significantly
high-level dungeon.
He seems to be stuck there...
As his second-in-command,
this is my responsibility.
But my level isn't high
enough to reach him.
And Kibaou is using his influence
to prevent the rest of
the Army from helping.
And then I heard that two incredibly
high-powered players had come here.
And so I'm asking for your help.
Kirito, Asuna...
Would you please come and
save Thinker with me?
If there's something we can do,
we'd like to help you out.
But we do need to
verify your story...
I know that I'm
asking a lot of you!
But when I think about
him trapped in there,
I feel like I'm losing my mind...
It's okay, Mommy.
She's telling the truth.
Y-Yui, you can tell?
Yeah.
I can't explain why...
But I know.
I'd rather regret trusting someone
than regret doubting them.
Let's go.
It'll work out.
Right?
You're always so laid-back.
We'll do what we can.
Thank you.
I know how it feels to want to
save someone you care for.
Stay here for a little while, okay?
No, I'm coming too.
Yui, stay here with me, okay?
No!
Ah, this must be her rebellious phase.
Don't be silly.
Yui, the place we're
headed is dangerous.
I'm going too!
"Floor 1: Town of Beginnings"       "Black Iron Castle"
To think a dungeon like this was
under the Town of Beginnings.
There wasn't anything like this during
the beta test. I totally missed it.
It probably opens further,
as the floors above are cleared.
Kibaou planned to
keep it to himself.
Exclusive access to spawns
can be lucrative...
But it's mostly powerful level-60
monsters that spawn here.
So he wasn't able to
do much hunting.
This is the entrance.
I'm not scared!
It's okay.
She's much tougher
than she looks.
Yeah. I'm sure she'll be a fine
swordswoman someday!
Let's go then.
I'm sorry for not helping.
No, this is his kind of thing.
Just let him be.
We're pretty far down.
Are we almost there?
Thinker hasn't moved
from this position.
I think he's in a safe zone.
If we can reach it, we can
use a teleport crystal.
Oh man, I really
fought up a storm!
Sorry about that.
No, I enjoyed it.
And they dropped some items too.
Did you get anything good?
--Wh-What is this?
--Scavenged toad meat.
Y-You mean those frogs?
They say the stranger it is,
the better it tastes. Cook it up later.
No way!
Wh-What are you doing?
Damn it!
Fine then...
How about these?
--No! No, no, no, no!
--Asuna, it's good meat!
--Get rid of it!
--But it's delicious!
You smiled.
It's the first time you've
smiled, big sister!
Come on, let's go.
There's the safe zone.
There's one player inside.
Thinker!
W-Wait...
Yulier!
Thinker!
Stay back!
That corridor is...
Stop!
Yulier, come back!
Yulier.
Please take her and
retreat to the safe zone.
R-Right.
Mommy...
Let's go.
Asuna,
use a teleport crystal to get Yui
and the others out of here.
Even with my identification skill,
I can't see its data.
It's probably as strong as something from
floor 90. I'll buy you some time. So run!
--Y-You come with me.
--I'll catch up later. Hurry!
Mommy...
Take care of Yui!
You three should run!
Asuna!
--We can't do that...
--Hurry!
Kirito!
--Yui, no!
--It's dangerous... Come back!
Don't be stupid!
Get out of there!
Yui...
It's okay... Daddy, Mommy.
Yui!
Immortal Object?
Yui?
Yui...
Daddy... Mommy.
I remember everything now.
Yui, have you regained your
memories? About everything?
Yes.
Kirito. Asuna.
This world, Sword Art Online,
is controlled by a single,
immense system.
The system is called Cardinal.
This system was designed to operate
without any human intervention.
It regulates the balance of SAO
according to its own discretion.
From monster and NPC AI
to drop rates for items and money.
Everything is controlled by the processes
executed by the Cardinal program.
Even the psychological
care of the players...
Mental Health Counseling
Program, prototype 1.
Code name: Yui.
That's me.
A program?
An AI?
I was given the ability to emulate
emotion, to put players at ease.
I'm not real... Nothing about me is.
Even these tears.
I'm sorry, Asuna...
Yui.
But you had amnesia.
Can that happen to an AI?
Two years ago, on the day
of the official launch...
For reasons I never understood,
Cardinal forbade me from interacting
with any of the players.
I was forced to do nothing but continue
to monitor the players' mental states.
Their mental states...
were utterly horrible.
No!
Terror, despair, rage. People were
overcome by negative feelings.
Some of them went
completely insane.
Normally, I would have gone
to them immediately.
But I wasn't permitted
any contact with them.
Gradually, errors accrued within me,
and I fell apart.
But one day,
I saw two players whose
mental parameters were
very different from the rest.
Joy,
peace...
But it was more than that.
I wandered through the field,
hoping to get as close
to you as I could.
That's why you were in
the 22nd-floor forest?
Yes.
Kirito, Asuna...
I've always wanted to meet you.
It's strange, isn't it?
It should be impossible
for me to think that.
I'm only a program...
Yui, you have true
intelligence, don't you?
I don't know.
I don't know what's
happened to me.
You aren't just a program that
the system controls anymore.
So you should be able to say
what it is that you want.
What do you want?
I...
I want to stay with you forever...
Daddy, Mommy!
Together...
We'll be together forever, Yui.
That's right. You're our child, Yui.
It's too late...
Too late?
This console grants the GMs
emergency access to the system.
I used it to delete that monster.
But now it's running a
check on my program.
Since I've disobeyed
Cardinal's orders,
I'm considered a foreign
object in the system.
I'll be deleted immediately.
No...
Isn't there some
way around that?
Daddy, Mommy, thank you.
This is goodbye.
No!
I don't want that!
We've just started...
We've just started
living together...
Yui, don't go!
Everyone smiles when they're
with you, Daddy, Mommy.
Please...
From now on, go and help
people in my place.
Share your happiness.
No... No!
I can't smile without you...
Smile, Mommy.
Cardinal!
No, Kayaba!
Don't think things will always go
the way you want them to!
Kirito, what are you...
If I act now...
If I act now, I can probably still use
this GM account to access the system.
Kirito!
Are you okay?
What's this?
Before Yui's admin
credentials were denied,
I split off her main program and
turned it into a game object.
So this is...
Yui's heart.
Hey, Kirito...
If the game is cleared
and this world ends,
what will happen to Yui?
"Floor 22: Coral"
Yui's data is set to save to
my NerveGear's local memory.
When we get back, recreating
her as Yui won't be easy.
But I'm sure we'll find a way.
Okay.
Then we'll see her there.
Our first child.
Yeah, I'm sure of it.
Hey, Asuna...
Mommy, good luck.
The tolling of the faraway bells
sounded a little lonely to me
So I tried harder, one more time,
this time soaring higher, all the way up
Neither this reality that just keeps repeating itself
Nor all my wishes, as numerous as the stars
Now that I've found the tomorrow
I should strive for
None of them can overcome these feelings of mine
A world without end, opening up before my eyes
Even if it's no more than a dream
Even if I'm still lost, deep in my heart, it is strong
Echoing forever and ever
Shining softly, ever so softly
Next Time: "Edge of Hell's Abyss."